7
7
FLHFLHF
FFHLLHF
HHLFHFF
LLFHFHF
HHFFLFH
HFLHFLF
LHFLHFL
path_finder east 0 0 a 
lrover south 0 1 f a
alt_rover north 0 2 f
flytrap west 0 3 a f
rrover north 0 4 a f
hop south 0 5 f
landmine east 0 6 f a
hop north 1 0
landmine east 1 1 f f
flytrap south 1 2 a a
landmine east 1 3 f f
path_finder west 1 4 f
landmine east 1 5 a a
alt_rover north 1 6 a
lrover north 2 0 a
food west 2 1 f a
hop south 2 2 f a
hop east 2 3 f
path_finder west 2 4
rrover west 2 5
alt_rover south 2 6 a
rrover north 3 0 f f
lrover east 3 1 f a
food south 3 2
flytrap east 3 3
rrover west 3 4 a
flytrap east 3 5 f
hop north 3 6 a
path_finder north 4 0 f
landmine north 4 1 a
lrover west 4 2 a
alt_rover south 4 3 f
path_finder south 4 4 f f
path_finder west 4 5 a a
lrover north 4 6 f
flytrap west 5 0
landmine south 5 2 f
food east 5 3 a
lrover south 5 4 f
alt_rover north 5 5 f
hop south 5 6 f
flytrap west 5 1 a
hop east 6 0 f
path_finder north 6 1
rrover west 6 2
alt_rover north 6 3 f
food south 6 4 a
food east 6 5 a
lrover west 6 6 f
